1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

Ans- Q1) How does Google search data actually reflect what people eat?
     Q2) Are all states equally represented in the data?


2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

Ans- 


3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?

Ans- 100

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
Ans- 58

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip? 
Highest peak is 100, lowest peak is 56

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
Ans- Milkshake line has been changed.

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.


6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?
Ans- No i dont see any pattern thats suggest relationship between searches for breakup and hamburger

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
Ans- No relationship between breakup and milkshake 

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?
Ans- The conclusions may not be fully reliable because search interest does not necessarily reflect actual behavior, and the data is relative rather than absolute

8.Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
Ans-New Jersey 

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
Ans-South Dakota

